docs: update data quality metrics docs to reflect recent changes (#3989)
OpenLineage/OpenLineage: website/docs/spec/facets/dataset-facets/input-dataset-facets/data_quality_metrics.md

# Data Quality Metrics Facet

> *Note: this facet will be removed in a future OpenLineage release. To report on data quality metrics, please use [DataQualityMetricsDatasetFacet](https://openlineage.io/docs/spec/facets/dataset-facets/data_quality_metrics) instead.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: this facet is now **deprecated** and will be removed in a next OpenLineage major release. To report on data quality metrics, please use [DataQualityMetricsDatasetFacet](https://openlineage.io/docs/spec/facets/dataset-facets/data_quality_metrics) instead.*
```
